### Reference on IDs
IDs in Agent C are slug based using a slightly enhanced word list curated by Oren Tirosh as part of his mnemonic encoding project.

- The `ui_session_id` represents a single instance of a client connection to the server.  This is generated by the client and is not persisted anywhere.  
  - It is used by the server to allow a client that has lost connection NOT due to a server crash to reconnect to the same RealtimeBridge instance and pick up where they left off
  - It's value never changes once sent by the server in a UISessionIDChangedEvent.
- The `chat_session_id` represents a chat session that is persisted on the server and can be reconnected to by any client that has the ID.
  - This is created by the server when a new chat session is created and is returned in the ChatSession it sends down in the ChatSessionChangedEvent
  - This ID should NOT be persisted by the client, as it only needs to be supplied when reconnecting, and can be pulled from our hooks.
  - The chat session id will change often during a single UI session
- SessionEvents include additional IDs to identify and connect sub sessions.
  - `session_id` - this is the ID of the chat session that the event is associated with.  This may or may not be the same as the ID of the user's current chat session.
  - `parent_session_id` - this is the ID of the parent chat session that the event, used to establish a chain.
  - `user_session_id` - This will ALWAYS match the session ID for the current user chat session.